Jeffrey Grant Barr
Senior Software Engineering Manager at Dutchie
Bend
Summary
Provide functional, technical and project leadership to a team
of DevOps/Infrastructure personnel for security, monitoring, backup, disaster recovery, and overall platform and application stability. Provide career mentoring for all levels of software engineering/ DevOps/SRE personnel while providing business value by inspiring maximum productivity and engagement in direct reports.
Experience
dutchie
Senior Software Engineering Manager September 2019 - Present (2 years 10 months) Bend, Oregon Area
Managing multiple teams (Integrations, Data Platform, Cloud Infrastructure) from startup phase (< 10 engineers to 170+ engineers) through rapid growth, expansion, and multiple acquisitions.
Mentoring, career-growth technical leadership of all levels of the engineering hierarchy, with a focus on cloud platforms.
G5
8 years 3 months
Software Engineering Manager
April 2014 - August 2019 (5 years 5 months) Bend, Or
Providing functional leadership to Software Engineers and all phases of the software life cycle pertaining to the implementation, support and operations of the G5 Search Marketing and DXM Cloud Platforms.
Software Engineer
June 2011 - April 2014 (2 years 11 months) Bend, OR
Identified, diagnosed, and corrected software defects to support Ruby on Rails company apps, including core platform and 3rd party API integrations such as Sitelink, Centershift, Yardi, Google, MSN et al.
 Page 1 of 3
 Planned, coded and implemented features/enhancements to company apps. Used ActiveRecord, Ruby/Rails, and SQL for data mining, reporting and supporting company apps.
Wrote and maintained customer-facing and internal documentation.
FriendFinder Networks Inc. Java/Actionscript Developer
March 2007 - May 2010 (3 years 3 months) Las Vegas, Nevada Area
Java/Actionscript developer for Cams.com. Reporting directly to Director/ C-level executives, implemented new features, assisted in design, implementation of new features. Code refactoring, bug-fixes.
Streamray
Java Developer
March 2003 - May 2010 (7 years 3 months)
2009:-2010: Sr. Java Developer: Reporting directly to Director/C-level executives, implemented new features, assisted in design, implementation of new features. Code refactoring, bug-fixes.
2006-2009: 2 years Project Manager: Reporting to multiple Director
level resources, oversaw all projects for 6+ software development team. Responsible for estimates, scheduling, general management of development cycles as directed. Used proprietary, in-house project management software. Technologies used: Java, Perl, Javascript, MySQL, HTML/CSS.
2003-2007: Java Flash/Actionscript Developer: Under senior developers, implemented various code changes and bug-fixes. Assisted in design and implementation of new features. Also served as Project Manager due to resource constraints.
Source-Control Admin: Designed and implemented VSS source-control system for in-house developers.
FriendFinder Networks Inc. Developer/Project Manager 2005 - 2007 (2 years)
Managed teams of 2-5 developers on various cross-department projects. Responsible for the scoping, requirements gathering, stakeholder buy-in for projects aligning to company roadmap.
Page 2 of 3

Managed scheduling, resource allocation, mentoring and discipline of junior and senior developers.
Education
CDI College Calgary AB Programming/Analysis Assoc. · (2002 - 2003)
University of Regina
Baccalaureate en Education Francaise · (1991 - 1993)
 
